coursier: add new documentation pages (#9728)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/cs-complete-dep.md

# cs fetch

> Allows the developer to search for libraries without searching directly on the web but from the command line.
> More information: <https://get-coursier.io/docs/cli-fetch>.

> - Print which artifacts are published under a given Maven groupId:
> 
> `cs complete-dep {{groupId}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print which artifacts are published under a specific Maven group identifier:

`cs complete-dep {{group_id}}`
```

Optional fix: unexpected `Print` word, `Display` expected.
Optional fix: unexpected `given` word, `specific` expected.
Mandatory fix: [unexpected `groupId` placeholder content, `_` expected between words](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#naming).

> - Print which versions of a library are published under a given Maven groupId and artifactId:
> 
> `cs complete-dep {{groupId}}:{{artifactId}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List published library versions under a specific Maven group identifier and an artifact one:

`cs complete-dep {{group_id}}:{{artifact_id}}`
```

The same issue as above.
